Bending over;	The position has the spankee bend over (whether freely or over something supportive) at their waist. If the spanker desires contact, they can either place their hand on the base of the spankee's back, shoulders, or (being very careful) head/neck, or wrap their non-spanking arm around the spankee's waist.;
Bending over, feet free; This is a more vulnerable version of the "Bending over" position. The spankee is bent over an object (usually with their head pointed towards the ground) and with their feet unable to reach the ground, taking away their center of gravity. The more elevated the spankee's bottom is in contrast with the rest of their body, the more amplified is the perception of vulnerability.;
Diapering; The spankee lays on their back with their legs held upwards. Either the spankee or spanker can assume responsibility for keeping the spankee's legs lifted.;
Hands and knees; The spankee places their hands and knees on a comfortable surface with their spine kept more-or-less straight and parallel to that surface.
Head and knees; The spankee elevates their bottom by resting on their knees while keeping their elbows or head on whatever surface they're atop.;
Over the knee; This is the classic spanking position. The spanker is seated and the spankee is placed over their lap. This puts the spankee in a very natural position for the spanker to spank.
Over the knee, feet free; This is a more vulnerable version of the OTK position, for the spankee. Instead of being balanced over the spanker's lap, the spankee is instead pushed forward so that their elbows or even face are directly on the ground. This takes away their center of gravity during the spanking, rendering them less able to do anything but accept the spanking.;
Over the knee, trapped by leg; This is a more controlled version of the previous position. Instead of laying freely over the spanker's lap, the spanker positions the spankee over only one of their legs and uses their other leg to pin down the spankee's legs.;
Laying over spanker's lap; This position has the spanker seated on furniture which has enough space for the spankee to lay horizontally over their lap.;
Laying down; This position is about as flexible as the "Bending Over" position, but is generally less strenuous for the spankee as it doesn't require anything of them to maintain. The spankee simply lays down on a comfortable surface with an (optional) object placed under their hips to elevate their bottom.;
Standing/Leaning; The spankee either stands freely or leans, upright, against a vertical object. The spankee's bottom may or may not be pushed out to provide a better target.;
Wheelbarrow; Facing away from the spanker, the spankee straddles the spanker's waist with their legs. The spankee can either elevate the upper part of their body to stay level with their bottom, or can lower their head/shoulders to keep their bottom elevated relative to their upper body.
